# Terms of Paid Service

## Article 1 (Purpose)

The purpose of these Terms and Conditions is to identify the rights, obligations, and responsibilities of VIRNECT Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) and the users of the Company’s paid wired/wireless Internet services (“users”).

## Article 2 (Definitions)

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings stated in the following.

1. “Termination” refers to the Company’s or a user’s termination of the existing service agreement signed by and between the user and us.
2. “Paid services” refers to the Company’s services or goods that a member may use on the condition of paying the price set by the Company or that a member may use by accepting conditions set by us including transactions with third parties. Detailed contents of paid services are explained on the page for purchasing each service or goods or the page for paying for the service or goods.
3. “Price payment” refers to what is paid by a user to the Company or a third party designated by the Company to use the Company’s paid services.
4. “Purchase” refers to the act of paying for a paid service selected by a user upon the Company’s acceptance of his/her use of the Company’s service.

## Article 3 (Posting Contents of Paid Services)

1. The Company will indicate the following on the initial screen of a paid service in an easy-to-understand way.
    - Name and version of the paid service
    - Contents of the paid service, directions, fees, and other conditions for use
2. The Company will provide members with information on the devices that can be used to use the Company’s paid service and technical specifications required to use the Company’s service at the time of signing of the service agreement.

## Article 4 (Effectuation of Service Agreement, etc.)

1. A member shall apply for the use of the Company’s service per the following procedure. The Company shall provide the member with information on each item that is stated in the following so that the member may understand it and engage in a transaction with the Company without problems before signing a service agreement.
    - Confirmation and selection of a paid service
    - Selection of a payment method and entering payment information
    - Confirmation of the application for a paid service or consent to the Company’s confirmation of it
2. Where one of the following is the case concerning a member’s application, the Company may reject the application or hold it for the time being.
    - Failure to use one’s real name
    - Provision of false information or failure to provide the information required by the Company
    - The Company’s insufficient capacity to accept the application or a technical or administrative problem
3. It shall be deemed that a service agreement is effectuated when the Company marks "subscription completed" or "purchase completed" in the application procedure.
4. A member may start using a paid service after consenting to these Terms and Conditions and paying the fee set by the Company.

## Article 5 (Paid Services and Scope)

The types of paid services provided by the Company to members are as follows. The details on VIRNECT services such as types, price, information can be checked from the homepage (virnect.com).

1. Classification based on service attributes
    - VIRNECT Remote
    - VIRNECT Make
    - VIRNECT View
    - Additional use: Content storage capacity of VIRNECT Make; number of content view counts of VIRNECT View
2. Classification based on acceptance of automatic payment
    - Automatically paid service: For members who use the Company’s services regularly and set up automatic payment for a paid service on a set day of the month and with a set payment method
3. Classification based on sales method
    - Direct transaction: It refers to the firsthand provision of the Company’s paid service to a member.
    - Indirect transaction: It refers to the provision of the Company’s paid service to a member through a third party (one of the Company’s affiliates). Details on the use of this type shall follow what is set by the affiliate.

## Article 6 (Payment Method)

The users may choose from what is stated in the following for payment for paid services. The Company does not collect any handling fees concerning the following methods of payment.

1. Card payment including prepaid card, debit card, credit card, etc.
2. Account transfer through phone, internet, email banking, etc.
3. Online deposit without a bankbook
4. E-cash (only for overseas payment)
5. Other electronic means of payment

## Article 7 (Automatic Payment and Cancellation)

1. The Company may keep members’ payment-related information during the service period and for a given period of time after the end of the service period for automatic monthly renewal of the service agreement and invoicing of service fees.
2. With regard to a member who has chosen automatic payment of service fees, the fees are paid automatically on the day of the month and with a payment method set by the member regardless of their real use of a service until they request for cancellation of the arrangement. (The number of service days is calculated from the day after the day of the first payment.)
3. The expiration date due to automatic payment cancellation is one month from the automatic payment date. Upon automatic payment cancellation, the member can use the service for one month from the date of the last automatic payment.
4. Unauthorized use of another person’s payment information is punishable under the Civil/Criminal Act.
5. Where periodic payment of service fees is not made due to a change in payment information, loss of a credit card/cell phone, etc., service use automatically stops one month from the date of the last automatic payment.
6. The Company is not responsible for any result of the stoppage of automatic payment of service fees or use due to the failure to pay service fees on time.

## Article 8 (Change of Paid Services)

1. The Company may change the price of paid services provided according to operational and technical needs and notify members according to the methods listed in Article 3.
2. For paid services that a member has already purchased and subscribed to, a member can set a schedule change one-month prior in accordance with the policy set by the company, and the following Clauses are followed.
    - Existing purchased and subscribed services can be used until the expiration of the usage period of the month in which the member requested the change. The service will be changed and applied from the day after the expiration of the usage period.
    - However, the day after the expiration date of the usage period is considered as the due date for the next month's subscription payment. The changed price for the service requested to be changed is reflected on the scheduled payment date of the next month's subscription.

## Article 9 (Withdrawal of Subscription to Service and Cancellation of Payment)

1. A member who has signed a service agreement with the Company may cancel the agreement within seven days. However, the right stated in the foregoing sentence may not be accepted if one of the following applies.
    - Provision of trial goods
    - Selection of temporary/partial use
2. The cancellation of what is stated in the foregoing shall be effectuated by a member’s expression of his/her intention to the Company by phone, email, or fax.
3. The Company will confirm the Company’s receipt of a member’s expression of the intention for cancellation stated in the Section 2.
4. A member may ask to cancel the selected payment arrangement upon cancellation of the agreement. However, the Company shall not cancel the payment arrangement if one of the following applies.
    - Provision of a service free through a special event, coupon, or means of compensation
    - Member’s use of a service within the period
    - Expiry of the period in which cancellation is allowed
5. Where a member has paid service fees, using a method of payment of which the cancellation is not possible (e.g. account transfer), the Company may only refund under Article 10 hereof.
6. The period for cancellation of a paid service fee shall be as follows for each method of payment. However, what is stated in the following may be changed depending on the relevant business’s situation.
    - Credit card: Cancellation is permitted within a month (30 Days). However, it will be subject to the credit card business’s policy
    - Account transfer: Cancellation is not allowed. The Company is able to refund after deducting a handling fee.

## Article 10 (Cancellation/Termination of Service Agreement)

1. Upon a member’s cancellation/termination of the service agreement, the Company shall refund the paid service fee within five business days from the day of cancellation/termination or from the Company’s reply concerning cancellation/termination through the method of payment used by the member. The Company shall inform the member when it is not possible to refund through the payment method in advance.
2. Regarding the foregoing Section 1, the Company may refund after deducting an amount equal to the profit earned by the member from using the Company’s service.
3. Where the member has paid the service fee using a credit card or e-cash and requests a refund, the Company shall immediately arrange to have the business providing the relevant payment means stop or cancel the request for payment. The foregoing sentence may not apply where it is necessary to deduct what is stated in the foregoing Section 2.
4. Where the following parties (the Company, the party that has received the service fee, and the party that has signed the service agreement with a member) is not the same person, each party shall be jointly responsible for obligations concerning the refund for withdrawal/termination/cancellation of the agreement.

## Article 11 (Refund Policy)

1. Where the Company should refund to a member due to a reason attributable to us, the Company may refund after deducting the amount equal to the profit earned by the member from using the Company’s service as follows.
    - Price for a member’s additional use of the Company’s goods/services = (number of days of using the Company’s goods/services) X (daily fee)
2. Where the Company should refund to a member due to a reason attributable to the member, the Company shall refund after deducting the foregoing Section 1, plus damages concerning the breach of agreement and the handling fee for each method of payment. Where services were provided to members through a special event/promotion, the refund shall follow a separately fixed policy.
3. Where a member has paid the service fee using a credit card or e-cash and requests a refund, the Company shall immediately arrange to have the business providing the relevant payment means stop or cancel the request for payment. The foregoing sentence may not apply where it is necessary to deduct what is stated in the foregoing Section 1 and 2.
4. The Company shall not refund if one of the following is the case as a case stated in the foregoing Section 1.
    - Coupon issued by the Company; voucher received from a special event arranged by the Company
    - Payment that has not been made directly by a member
5. In the event that a member requests a refund of services fees already paid or if cancellation is not possible, the Company shall ascertain the due payment of the fees first before refunding. In the event of such a request made within the period in which payment can be cancelled, the Company shall handle it on a basis of priority.
6. The Company shall deposit a refund only where the holder of the account designated by a member requesting a refund coincides with that of the account used for initial payment of service fees through account transfer. The Company shall not refund to an account outside Korea.
7. The Company shall not refund where dishonest use of another person’s personal or payment information or payment through a dishonest method is involved. In such a case, the Company shall only comply with a request for provision of the personal information of the payer made by an investigative agency under the law.
8. For refunds, the Company shall deposit the amount within five business days from the date the member indicates the intention of refund. Where service fees were paid using a credit card, etc., the Company’s refund process may take more time than what is stated in the foregoing sentence, as the relevant facts concerning payment may be ascertained within three months.
9. The Company may ask members to submit a receipt of paid service fees for a refund. Members shall keep payment-related evidential materials in such a case.
10. The Company is not responsible for the result of something attributable to a member such as misinformation in connection with the withdrawal of a membership or a request for refund of paid service fees.

## Article 12 (Error in Billing Service Fees)

1. In the event of an error in billing service fees, the Company shall refund the full amount in the way used for ordinary refunds of paid service fees. The Company shall inform the member where it is not possible to refund through the method used for payment by the member in advance.
2. In the event of an error in billing service fees due to a reason attributable to us, the Company shall refund the full amount regardless of expenses associated with the agreement or handling fees.
3. In the event of an error in billing service fees due to a reason attributable to a member, the member shall bear the expense required for a refund up until a reasonable extent. Where the Company does not comply with a member’s request for a refund of service fees allegedly including an error, the Company shall verify that the Company’s service fees have been correctly billed.
4. The Company shall handle a procedure for refund of service fees erroneously billed per the Digital Contents User Protection Guidelines.

## Article 13 (Dispute Resolution)

Where a dispute arises concerning service fees, the Company shall take adequate and prompt steps concerning a reasonable opinion or discontent raised by members. Where it is not possible to take such steps promptly, the Company shall inform them of the schedule for handling the case along with a proper explanation.

## Article 14 (Governing Law and Court of Competent Jurisdiction)

1. Concerning a lawsuit filed between the Company and a member, the laws of the Republic of Korea shall be the governing laws.
2. Concerning a lawsuit filed between the Company and a member, the court for the area in which the member’s address or place of residence is located shall be the court of competent jurisdiction. However, where such a member’s address or place of residence is not certain at the time the lawsuit commences, the decision on the court of competent jurisdiction shall be made under the Civil Procedure Act.

## Additional Rules

(Date of implementation) These Terms and Conditions shall come into force on September 11, 2020.